the still feels are amazing because of their multiplicity and because
their diversity so there are a lot of places in stem where you can be
useful I used to work at Caltech where everybody there was smarter
than I was I mean I used to eat lunch with who had won the Nobel Prize
and they were they good at math and science yes very good at math
and science and yet they were always interested in my opinion of my
thoughts and my ideas if I had a new idea that free will you ask me
will tell us about that idea so they were they were they were able
to keep me going even though maybe I wasn't quite as good as they were
I've had people on projects with me who were not as good at math
in science is silence and yet they were invaluable and added a lot
so I think if you have an interest in it and it any kind of enjoyment
it all in saw the stem fields you'll find a place for your intellectual
capabilities your personality and your physical abilities will
be important to the team and you will become a valued team member if
it is a good team